README.md, before:



# Styled Poker -- a Styled Components demo


## Background

### Some Ways of Styling React Apps

* CSS in CSS
    * Vanilla CSS
        * 🙅‍♂️ Lacks some tools for writting clean code (e.g. no nesting) 🙅‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Namespace for classes is limited 🙅‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Using just one CSS file isn't good React, but difficult to manage multiple CSS files 🙅‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Changing styles at runtime requires imperitivaly toggling class names 🙅‍♂️
    * Sass
        * 🙆‍♂️ More advanced syntax that enables cleaner code 🙆‍♂️
    * CSS Modules
        * 🙆‍♂️ Makes it easier to write one CSS file per component, manage namespace 🙆‍♂️

* CSS in JS
    * Inline Styling
        * 🙆‍♂️ Declarative style toggling 🙆‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Hard to read HTML 🙅‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Not compatible with all CSS features 🙅‍♂️
    * Styled Components
        * 🤯😍 Literally all the good stuff 🤯😍


## Demo


### Card Backs


### Card Faces


### Navigation


### Card Rotation


### Card Rotation w/ Translations


### Card Game Translations and Rotations


### Theme Toggling

Commit message:

removes card face, nav, and card flip styling

README.md, after:



# Styled Poker -- a Styled Components demo


## Background

### Some Ways of Styling React Apps

* CSS in CSS
    * Vanilla CSS
        * 🙅‍♂️ Lacks some tools for writting clean code (e.g. no nesting) 🙅‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Namespace for classes is limited 🙅‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Using just one CSS file isn't good React, but difficult to manage multiple CSS files 🙅‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Changing styles at runtime requires imperitivaly toggling class names 🙅‍♂️
    * Sass
        * 🙆‍♂️ More advanced syntax that enables cleaner code 🙆‍♂️
    * CSS Modules
        * 🙆‍♂️ Makes it easier to write one CSS file per component, manage namespace 🙆‍♂️

* CSS in JS
    * Inline Styling
        * 🙆‍♂️ Declarative style toggling 🙆‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Hard to read HTML 🙅‍♂️
        * 🙅‍♂️ Not compatible with all CSS features 🙅‍♂️
    * Styled Components
        * 🤯😍 Literally all the good stuff 🤯😍


## Demo


### Card Backs

Static CSS

### Card Faces

Sharing and Extending Styles

Determining CSS from passed props (row/column location, color, invert)

### Navigation

Using CSS selectors

Toggling CSS based on application state ( special styling for current link)


### Card Rotation

Perspective

component reuse and the css tag

More toggling CSS based on application state ( angle and flipDuration )


### Card Rotation w/ Translations


### Card Game Translations and Rotations


### Theme Toggling
